Hi friends
In this video we are going to have
an introduction to C programming
So C is a general purpose
Programming language
And it was invented by Dennis Ritchie
And he actually invented C programming language to develop the
Unix operating system
And now it is one of the most widely used
programming language and C is sometimes called system programming language
because it is very useful for writing system programmes like
device drivers, compiler, linker, assembler et cetera
And also it is a portable programming language because we
can write a C programme in one machine and it
can run in any other machine which support C without
modifying the code
So it is not tied to any hardware or system
so it can be called as a hardware independent language
or platform independent language
And there are many modern languages which are derived from
C
Some examples are C++
Java, php, Javascript, Python, perl et cetera
So all these are C family languages and for all
these languages C is the foundation
So if we master in C it will be very
easy to learn these languages so that's all and thank you for watching this video.